almost my family three years ago they
were killed I have nothing left
I'll find people who did this I'll kill
every last one of them I need your help
stop don't panic be calm be still shoot
me what right here you got to get your
rhythm section under control and give
your heart as the drums your breathing
is the bass that's the easy part
what's the hard part living with it
we're gonna have to be some of them
let's go
[Music]
I'm gonna do this my way a lot of people
think that you're dead I guess got a lot
give your heart is the Trump's your
breathing is the face the rhythm section
what are you gonna do to modify it we
take too long how long the menopause
will be a distant memory that's a good
stuff
[Music]